[Music]
welcome back to my channel today I have
a get ready with me video and this is
sort of like my morning routine for
every weekend I do have my makeup here
an outfit to show you guys and don't
forget that all of my salon codes will
be listed down below so let's begin
[Music]
every morning doesn't matter if it's not
the weekend I like to start off by
drinking apple juice I'm like literally
obsessed I know
call me a baby but I must and just a
piece of fruit and it could be any fruit
at all and of course I have to light up
a candle because it just makes me feel
so relaxed and calm and of course about
the Body Works has the best candles ever
and I like chill on Pandora and I like
to just play the fray or the booboo
dolls and moving on to the bathroom I'm
going to brush my teeth and wash my face
this is my acne control cleanser by
clean and clear my absolute favorite and
you guys if you have not tried a
Clarisonic i highly recommend it it has
changed my entire life you guys know my
skin was drastically bad before and then
I like to use this 3d strips by crafts
and it just makes my teeth so white in
like 30 minutes and I showed you guys
this heating treatment by your in my
last video and it does heat up super
fast so I highly recommend you take it
off in one minute I haven't seen any
like changes in my skin yet because I
just started using it so I'll keep you
guys updated then moving on I like to
take my really SuperDuper hot showers
like I'm brightening in the shower and
wash my hair with my L'Oreal treatment
and my nume hydrating mask to just get
everything going and of course now
moving on to my face I like some
moisturize my skin very well because the
super important don't forget to prime
your face especially because I'm using a
new foundation system
and this is actually my belletto studio
airbrush system it is the bomb calm look
how I just need five drops on the actual
system and then I just started like
blending it into my skin and doesn't
feel like you're have like you have
foundation at all it just goes on so
light on your skin and my pores you
can't see them at all I like it hides it
right away and look how great and
matches my body like this is amazing and
I even got a compliment from my
boyfriend so you guys know that's a
definitely thumbs up moving on to my
eyebrows I'm using my Anastasia Beverly
Hills brow Wiz and in the color brunette
and I'm just going to blend that in with
my Urban Decay primer and I just want my
eyeshadows to pop so I'm using this one
with a little bit of shade now I'm going
in with this light color on my lid I'm
just going to apply this all over and
then using a taupe colored eyeshadow I'm
going to apply this on my crease to make
my lids stand out and make my eyes
appear larger and then of course I'm
going to apply a light color under my
brows to just set everything and I'm
gonna do a cat eye I'm not gonna do
anything too drastic but I do like to do
it a little bit winged out and of course
I have to apply some eyeliner on my
waterline
and this is my l'oreal smoldering
eyeliner you guys I just recently got
this mascara and it is the balm calms
now moving on to a bronzer I'm going to
contour my face and this is my hula by
benefit bronzer I'm just gonna do a
three shape on my face and that just
contours everything without having to
mix everything up and then I love to
contour my nose and of course I'm going
to highlight under my eyes and you guys
know that I just recently got this as
well and it just works so amazingly like
you're gonna be able to see the
difference after I blend everything
skin but just look at how I blend it so
you guys can learn on how to make how to
shape your face because this really
defines everything and completes my look
then I'm just going to blend the contour
and the highlight together just so I
wouldn't have any harsh lines then I'm
going to apply this blush and this is by
Mac dolly mix my absolute favorite I
don't know what I was doing but it just
makes me look so much more awake and
it's such a pretty pink that I feel like
every girl should own then I already
added my BB illuminator I need to stop
right now but I'm going to go in with
soft and gentle by Mac and I'm just
going to apply this and of course I want
a really pretty pink pale lipstick and
I'm going to apply it on my lips to
describe the soul of look and the color
of Jesse and it's just a perfect pink I
feel like it just goes so perfectly with
my skin tone and of course my look
wouldn't be complete with some gloss
this is by whitening lightening and the
color nude and this is the final look
for my makeup now moving on to my hair I
did wash it and it's a hot mess so let's
do something for it right now I'm going
to split it in half and I'm just going
to tie up the top part and just click
that up I'm tied up and apply some of
this treatment on my hair and this is
just gonna make my hair stay flat for a
longer period of time and you just have
to basically apply and then fly on your
hair and you'll be able to see how shiny
it looks and of course I have to apply
my earrings this was a gift for my
boyfriend I just absolutely love it
because I just feel so special
especially when I go out with him he
realized that when I wear them and this
is a final look for my makeup in my hair
I hope you guys really like it now
moving on to my outfit but before I have
to apply my body mist and this is sweet
pea for my outfit I kept it casual
remember that I will link everything in
the description box below and I don't
really carry a bag I carry my small
wallet right sorry
urghhh my iphone and for my accessories
I have my Michael Kors watch and this
necklace and these cute boots that I
showed you guys in my previous oh I hope
you guys enjoyed this video and I'll see
you guys in my next one
[Music]